content/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "Home"
menu = "main"
weight = 1
+++

# Vibe Blogging As A Service

I’m a vibe-coding enthusiast and a friendly coder. The word "vibe" serves as a reminder to return to the fundamentals of the world model. When I build with curiosity and ship with care, the model should be responsive to your requests—kind of like a form of cyber-buddhism, or at least that’s how I see it. I’m deeply attached to this philosophy. Right now, I’m exploring a few LLM-driven projects:

- LLM‑driven R&D team
- LLM philosopher
- LLM game, gambling, constellation experiments

My philosophy is imple which looks like:

- Stay private, work hard and dress well
- Eat healthy and talk less
- Do more, live life once, be kind and stay humble
- Avoid drama, keep chasing goals

If that sounds interesting, have a look around and check out my latest posts.

<ul>
<li><img src="/icons/at-sign.svg" alt="Email" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="mailto:john_doe@example.com">john_doe@example.com</a></li>
<li><img src="/icons/x.svg" alt="X" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="https://x.com/john_doe">x.com/john_doe</a></li>
<li><img src="/icons/github.svg" alt="GitHub" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="https://github.com/john_doe">github.com/john_doe</a></li>
<li><img src="/icons/notion.svg" alt="Notion" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="https://notion.com/john_doe">notion.com/john_doe</a></li>
</ul>

---

# A match made in heaven

There’s a website obesity crisis: bloated scripts, ads, and trackers slow readers down when all they want is your words.

Hugo Bear Blog gives you a fast, optimized site that works on **any** device—so you can focus on writing.

[Go to the original bear blog](https://bearblog.dev/).

---

What happens when you combine the world’s fastest, most lightweight static site generator with a theme built for no‑nonsense, super‑fast blogging? Use this theme, and find out!

Made with by [Jan Raasch](https://www.janraasch.com).

---

Publish simply, grow an audience, and keep pages tiny, fast, and _optimized for search engines_.

Each page is ~5 KB, and you can host your blog yourself.

Commit message:

complete refine with the content

content/_index.md, after:

+++
title = "Home"
menu = "main"
weight = 1
+++

## Vibe Blogging As a Service

I’m a vibe-coding enthusiast and a friendly coder. The word "vibe" serves as a reminder to return to the fundamentals of the world model. When I build with curiosity and ship with care, the model should be responsive to your requests—kind of like a form of _cyber-buddhism_, or at least that’s how I see it. I’m deeply attached to this philosophy. Right now, I’m exploring a few LLM-driven projects:

- [12-factor oriented logic](https://github.com/humanlayer/12-factor-agents) agents development
- True language model philosopher who thinks
- LLM game theory and constellation experience

My life style can be simply described as:

- Stay **private**, try hard and dress well
- Eat healthy and talk **less**
- Do more, enjoy life **once**, be kind and stay humble
- Avoid drama, keep chasing and **embracing** results

If that sounds interesting and aligned to you, have a look around and check out my latest posts. You can find me with following methods:

<ul>
<li><img src="/icons/at-sign.svg" alt="Email" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="mailto:lichtung_nitro@outlook.com">lichtung_nitro@outlook.com</a></li>
<li><img src="/icons/x.svg" alt="X" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="https://x.com/john_doe">x.com/nirtolichtung</a></li>
<li><img src="/icons/github.svg" alt="GitHub" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="https://github.com/lichtungnitro">github.com/lichtungnitro</a></li>
<li><img src="/icons/notion.svg" alt="Notion" width="17" height="17" style="vertical-align:text-bottom;margin-right:6px;" /> <a href="https://notion.com/john_doe">notion.com/nitro_lichtung</a></li>
</ul>

---

## Thanks to Theme Author

This Hugo theme is a perfect match for the times with great distributions. In an age of bloated websites, slow-loading pages, and endless trackers, your readers just want to get to your content.

Hugo Bear Blog gives you a fast, optimized site that works on **any** device. This means you can focus on writing, not on a bloated website.

What happens when you combine the world’s fastest static site generator with a theme built for no-nonsense, **super-fast** blogging experience? Use this theme and find out.

Made by [Jan Raasch](https://www.janraasch.com).

Publish simply, grow your audience, and keep pages tiny, fast, and optimized for search engines. Each page is around 5KB, compatible with all devices. You can host your blog all with few clicks.

Go to the original [Bear Blog](https://bearblog.dev) to find more.
